Working I guess but a little procrastination is healthy
What are you studying for stranger?
You shouldn’t be procrastinating Math. Mathematics makes up everything.
It is the corner stone to all out understanding of the world we live in.
From taxes to space travel, from computer programming to genetics, if you think about it everything is math.
So to deny yourself better understanding of it would be to deny yourself to reality.
I work in a care home.
You asked what I do for work. I work in a care home.
I guess it’s a noble profession looking after our elders but it is only something I do on the side of my studies.
Bio,
Molecular biology to be exact. 
I works 30 hours a week and attend a full time course. 
Eh, the benefits of being a highly functioning humanoid.
Nah they’ll all asleep. It’s 5am here.
So you are in the UK?
I have a lot of British friends so I’m always aware of both time zones.
So I guess, I should leave you to get a better understanding of reality
Lol I can’t argue with that I mean I’m here too. But we shouldn’t belittle this experience; there can be a lot to take from these conversations.
So What do you believe in?
I’m an Atheist, and it boggles my mind why all these people make up fairy tales when the truth is far more compelling. Its like, can't you fucking people get how cool it is that EVERYTHING IS MADE UP OF THE SAME COUPLE THINGS!?!
And like why can’t people get how cool science is??? Like There are trillions of chemical reactions happening all around you, and inside you. BILLIONS of times per second. Your bed, your phone, your entire body, CONSTANTLY vibrates with the power of electrons bonding and rebonding.
So in a philosophical sense, is anything even real? The charged bonds of the molecules that make you up are only pressing against the molecular bonds of things you THINK you are touching but actually aren’t.
Yeah the inner working of all matter is the deepest most fascinating adventure of discovery that man has ever embarked upon.
Are you still there stranger?
?